Hi, this is Abdullah Zedi.
I'm the Principal Radar Design Engineer, at Metawave Corporation.
I'm excited to be here at Udacity as your instructor for Radar Sensor Fusion Program.
In this course, we will be talking about how radar makes it easy,
to determine range and velocity of the targets, hence,
making it an essential sensor for any level of self-driving.
Further, we will be covering the physics behind its operation,
which will include; RF and digital signal processing.
Towards the end, we will explore the tracking and clustering algorithms,
that give radar detection,
more sense in terms of different driving scenario. Let's begin.